Logo
General
[Opening sentence.]
a totally general opening whole sentence chunk selected from a large list to add flavour and variety

[Chance compound statement.]
a statement that combines chance type element with some astrology and sign specific components

[Connection to reader aside.]
a relatively short sentence chunk that builds intimacy with the reader

[Horror connecting sentence.]
a sentence or phrase compound chunk that brings in the horror elements and ties in to the specific horror theme for the daily horrorscope

[Advice compound statement.]
a closing sentence that guides the reader in some way

Example:
Today will be an interesting day for you, breaking the mould of the last few dreary weeks of your boring life. It's quite possible that the impact of saturn's diurnal orb sliding gently through jupiter's sphere of influence is to blame. No promises though.

This will have a dark impact on your emotions and send you into a stubborn mood fit for a true Aries. It is up to you to decide how to deal with this. I'm not your mum, I can't tell you what to do.

By the end of the day however, your mood will become secondary to the hell unleashed on earth as the dead rise from their graves en masse and slaughter the innocent. The living dead will enter your home and rip your family to shreds, before feeding on their flesh. Try learning self defence, or write a letter to a loved one before it all ends.

Love
[General love sentence.]

[Astrological statement.]

[Horror theme connection.]

[Advice statement.]


Money




GENERAL HEADLINE

examples from the net
 It isn't easy to express yourself authentically when you're trying to make an impression on others
 The current astral configuration creates a sense of competition regarding someone that both you and another have your eye on. 
right now thing, but soon, THING
Competition is healthy - jealousy is sad.
 If you let others do and think what they like, you will find that you grant yourself this same right.
 This is the issue of the day for you.
 Why not say yes a little more than usual, Gemini?

 It isn't easy to lead you into the unknown.
You like to prepare in advance.
 Go on - jump in without looking for a change. It will do wonders for your outlook.
 You could write fiction or journalism well today.



